regions {
  name: "cSewers"
  position {
    x: 119
    y: -46
    width: -199
    height: 202
  }
  enabledAtStart: true
  is_camera_region: true
  idRef {
    id: "555b46bf3733616c100034c0"
  }
  highlight_color {
    r: 0
    g: 0
    b: 0
    a: 1
  }
  visible_at_start: false
  is_closet: false
  is_teleporter_region: false
  directional_light_dir {
    x: -0.5
    y: -1
    z: -0.75
  }
  directional_light_color {
    r: 0.1882353
    g: 0.1882353
    b: 0
    a: 1
  }
  ambient_light_color {
    r: 0.098039217
    g: 0.098039217
    b: 0.098039217
    a: 1
  }
  ambience_template: "sewer-quiet"
  combat_music: "Berlin-Set18-Combat"
  default_music: "Seattle-Set6-Ominous"
  loop_combat_music: true
  loop_default_music: false
  no_fow_in_region: false
}
characters {
  name: "system_spawner_playerSpawner"
  gridPoint {
    x: 46
    y: 0
    z: 2
  }
  orientation: ORIENTATION_E
  idRef {
    id: "55589824373361f00c005514"
  }
  lod: 0
  character_instance {
    character_mod {
      archetypeName: "Player"
    }
    team_id: "Shadowrunners"
    char_name: "New Actor"
    enabled_at_start: true
    pc_spawn_number: 2
  }
}
characters {
  name: "system_spawner_playerSpawner"
  gridPoint {
    x: 45
    y: 0
    z: 0
  }
  orientation: ORIENTATION_E
  idRef {
    id: "55589824373361f00c00551d"
  }
  lod: 0
  character_instance {
    character_mod {
      archetypeName: "Player"
    }
    team_id: "Shadowrunners"
    char_name: "New Actor"
    enabled_at_start: true
    pc_spawn_number: 3
  }
}
characters {
  name: "system_spawner_playerSpawner"
  gridPoint {
    x: 43
    y: 0
    z: 0
  }
  orientation: ORIENTATION_E
  idRef {
    id: "55589824373361f00c00551e"
  }
  lod: 0
  character_instance {
    character_mod {
      archetypeName: "Player"
    }
    team_id: "Shadowrunners"
    char_name: "New Actor"
    enabled_at_start: true
    pc_spawn_number: 1
  }
}
characters {
  name: "system_spawner_playerSpawner"
  gridPoint {
    x: 44
    y: 0
    z: -2
  }
  orientation: ORIENTATION_E
  idRef {
    id: "55589824373361f00c00552f"
  }
  lod: 0
  character_instance {
    character_mod {
      archetypeName: "Player"
    }
    team_id: "Shadowrunners"
    char_name: "New Actor"
    enabled_at_start: true
    pc_spawn_number: 0
  }
}
worldMapLocation {
  filename: ""
  location {
    x: 0
    y: 0
  }
}
mapName: "SCENE - Sunnyside Sewers"
parentStory: ""
scene_title: "Sunnyside Sewers"
scene_subtitle: ""
scene_synopsis: "You punch in the code that Matthews gave you: \"Code6Bravo\" and the hatch unseals, letting out a terrible smell.\n\nApparently the sewers here are still active. \n\nIt only makes sense, there were smugglers working down here until very recently, and there is a working neighborhood above it. You try not to think about every horror story you\'ve ever heard about going into the sewers- ghouls eating people, devil rats the size of a dwarf. \n\nYou briefly wish that you\'d brought a change of clothes with you, because you\'d like to get out of here and get rid of this smell as quickly as possible. Next time you have to enter the sewers, gasmasks and jumpsuits for everyone!\n\nThe sewer is dark, dank, and smells of raw offal. There are very real dangers here, so stay alert. On the other side of this fetid warren of tunnels is the Taetzel building- where Aztechnology is holding Maria. "
scene_image: "marialoading"
scene_continue_button_skip: false
scene_restore_runner_health: true
directional_light_dir {
  x: -0.5
  y: -1
  z: -0.75
}
directional_light_color {
  r: 0.50196081
  g: 0.50196081
  b: 0.50196081
}
ambient_light_color {
  r: 0.50196081
  g: 0.50196081
  b: 0.50196081
}
allow_drawn_weapons: false
team_affiliations {
  team_name: "Shadowrunners"
  affiliation: 0
  affiliation: 1
  affiliation: 1
  affiliation: 0
}
team_affiliations {
  team_name: "Gangers"
  affiliation: 1
  affiliation: 0
  affiliation: 1
  affiliation: 0
}
team_affiliations {
  team_name: "LoneStar"
  affiliation: 1
  affiliation: 1
  affiliation: 0
  affiliation: 0
}
team_affiliations {
  team_name: "Civilians"
  affiliation: 0
  affiliation: 0
  affiliation: 0
  affiliation: 0
}
scene_dimensions {
  dimension_name: "Default"
}
show_hiring_screen_on_scene_load: false
scene_hiring_prerequisites {
  prereq_description: ""
  prereq_conditions {
  }
}
hiring_slot_count: 3
hiring_minimum_karma: 0
hiring_maximum_karma: 0
roster_overrides {
}
use_hiring_cost_warning: false
hiring_average_cost: 99999
override_hiring_average_cost: true
show_equip_screen_on_scene_load: false
is_persistant: false
is_persistant_has_value: false
can_move_outside_camera_regions: false
can_start_before_triggers: false
can_use_team_advancement: false
